Having no hair made him look even hairier.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
I ate a sock because people on the internet told me to.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of jello.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.
I purchased a baby clown from the black market.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
Three generations with six decades of life experience.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.